hey there folks I'm down rain from sort
of interesting and this here is a nice
little box from carrier and well in
sight hopefully there's going to be some
Pleasant shoes now these are the carry
more orders and the first day to be
honest I don't normally go for any carry
more shoes as I've had poor experiences
in the past of them but saying that that
was a long time ago hey you have talking
about three years that I've been
boycotting them effective for me and
they well as you can see I've got a huge
pair of proper big jack pyke tundra
boots there and obviously the summons
coming up and I don't particularly you
ever be wearing those all through the
mouth the way that would be bad recently
so the name it's a very hot sweaty feet
coming out of their boots so I thought I
would finally get myself some a smaller
just more sensible little walking shoes
and as it just seems these days the
boots and shoes like this is so
expensive and it's so hard to find some
with proper good very solid soles that
long-distance walking there well I
thought I'd rather not spend the fortune
on a pair like ant them previously only
to find them to be that just like
anything else off the shelf to be honest
I thought I'll just go for some that I
like you for that curve in terms of the
sole because that's all I'm really
interested in I mean I'll get the boot
and shoe proof right and hope for the
best with these home being waterproofed
but wish me luck with that as the usual
way with boots and shoes these these
always seems hey but like you say I
thought I'd go for the east there they
were 25 painful Sports Direct so it's
only a lot cheaper than I've spent on
boots before which like you say if never
really team thanks to be with the price
and well I've gotta say these are some
of the best-looking soles I've seen in
terms of aim that's it in the in this
price range and also I'd say some of the
more expensive ones I've been looking at
you know proper good solid swords as you
can see there I apologize film in this
free hand by the way so somehow you lost
my tripod a but yeah I thought I'd just
give you a closer look at the
as when people are buying online it
seems from my previous videos they quite
like to see just just the general 360
view of a what they could potentially be
buying off one or two photos from a
website so I thought I'm going to give
you a quick look at these and just spin
them around so you can see them
and the topic is sewn in up until that
point there and behind those folks women
being the shoes were out of the big
boots it's not like if you get to that
level of water or the grass that you've
got a full-wave boot coming up to your
ankle to keep the water out anyway but
that's just weird married so I saw that
the stone stone into about there so
that's definitely a benefit obviously
they've they seemed pretty well put
together a team this part here may be a
little bit thin
well bit firm deeper hopefully they
should last a good few months at the
very least they certainly longer than
those ones there which is I believe that
took me less than three months to get to
the stage afford through on the back
which is why I've decided to go back up
like you say to a pair of proper good
soul boots or shoes if you will aim so
yes those are the carry more borders 25
I'm from Sports Direct and obviously
shop around as I always say you can see
what they're like in general and I hope
that well if nothing else this video is
being useful for somebody who's looking
away on the old Google Shopping results
yes let you know how I get algorithm but
I've got to say I think for the money
they're going to be spot on to be honest
until the next site makes you subscribe
for like more random videos and please
make sure you like my facebook pages
have always said 200 likes that and well
have a great day and I'll see you right
soon farewell